README.md, before:

# readys
A Speech Analytics Python Tool for Speech Quality Assessment  

## Recording-level feature extraction
The goal of these modules is to extract features that provide an intermediate 
representation to speech recordings towards the assessment of speech quality. 

### Text: text_analysis.py 
In order to get text features from an audio file run the below command in your terminal 
```
python3 text_analysis.py -i wav_file -g google_credentials -c classifiers_path -p fasttext_pretrained_model -l embeddings_limit -s segmentation_threshold -m segmentation_method
```
Where: 

- wav_file : the path of audio file where the recording is stored

- google_credentials : a json file which contains the google credentials for 
  speech to text functionality 

- classifiers_path: the directory which contains all trained classifiers 
  (models' files + .csv classes_names files)

- fasttext_pretrained_model: the fast text pretrained model path 

- embeddings_limit(optional): if we don't want to load the whole pretrained 
  model then this parameter defines the number of vectors will load 

- segmentation_threshold(optional): if you want to segment text by punctuation, 
  don't use this argument (or use None as value), 
  otherwise it is the number of words or seconds of every text segment 

- segmentation_method(optional): if the method of segmentation is punctuation 
  (by sentences) then don't use this argument (or use None as value), 
  otherwise use "fixed_size_text" for segmentation with fixedwords 
  per segment or "fixed_window" for segmentation with fixed time window. 

The feature_names , features and metadata will be printed. 

### Audio: audio_analysis.py 
In order to get audio features from audio file (silence features + 
classification features) run the below command in your terminal 
```
python3 audio_analysis.py -i wav_file -c classifiers_path
```
Where: 

- wav_file : the path of audio file 

- classifiers_path : the directory which contains all trained classifiers 
  (models' files + MEANS files) 

The feature_names , features and metadata will be printed

Commit message:

readme link to models/readme

README.md, after:

# readys
A Speech Analytics Python Tool for Speech Quality Assessment  

## Recording-level feature extraction
The goal of these modules is to extract features that provide an intermediate 
representation to speech recordings towards the assessment of speech quality. 

### Text: text_analysis.py 
In order to get text features from an audio file run the below command in your terminal 
```
python3 text_analysis.py -i wav_file -g google_credentials -c classifiers_path -p fasttext_pretrained_model -l embeddings_limit -s segmentation_threshold -m segmentation_method
```
Where: 

- wav_file : the path of audio file where the recording is stored

- google_credentials : a json file which contains the google credentials for 
  speech to text functionality 

- classifiers_path: the directory which contains all trained classifiers 
  (models' files + .csv classes_names files)

- fasttext_pretrained_model: the fast text pretrained model path 

- embeddings_limit(optional): if we don't want to load the whole pretrained 
  model then this parameter defines the number of vectors will load 

- segmentation_threshold(optional): if you want to segment text by punctuation, 
  don't use this argument (or use None as value), 
  otherwise it is the number of words or seconds of every text segment 

- segmentation_method(optional): if the method of segmentation is punctuation 
  (by sentences) then don't use this argument (or use None as value), 
  otherwise use "fixed_size_text" for segmentation with fixedwords 
  per segment or "fixed_window" for segmentation with fixed time window. 

The feature_names , features and metadata will be printed. 

### Audio: audio_analysis.py 
In order to get audio features from audio file (silence features + 
classification features) run the below command in your terminal 
```
python3 audio_analysis.py -i wav_file -c classifiers_path
```
Where: 

- wav_file : the path of audio file 

- classifiers_path : the directory which contains all trained classifiers 
  (models' files + MEANS files)  
  
The feature_names , features and metadata will be printed

Note: See [models/readme](models/readme.md) for instructions how to train 
audio and text models
